who's your daddy my daddy I don't get it
what are you doing right now what am i
doing I'm talking with you you're funny
ha I'm glad you think so take a picture
Chris I'm not much of a photographer
Siri guess what let me guess no sorry I
can't Siri guess what you bought a new
car nope ok I didn't think so guess what
you won the lottery guess what don't
tell me you were just elected president
of the United States right guess what
I'm not sure we have time for this guess
what you just got a shiny new iphone yes
that's what I thought take me to your
leader I have no leader other than you
what does Siri mean what does my name
mean I don't think I can explain it in
your language how much do you cost this
might answer your question
you